=head1 SYNOPSIS

B<makeglossariesgui> [I<option>]+ [I<filename>]

=head1 DESCRIPTION

MakeGlossariesGUI is a Java GUI diagnostic tool for the glossaries
LaTeX package. It can check for common problems that can cause the
entries within the glossary or the entire glossary to be omitted. In
GUI mode it parses both the .aux and the .log file for known error
and warning messages.

When run in batch mode, it can be used as alternative to the
makeglossaries Perl script and the makeglossaries-lite.lua Lua
script supplied by the glossaries package. (It doesn't parse the log
file in batch mode or show all the diagnostic information that the
GUI mode provides.)

Note that if you are opting to use MakeGlossariesGUI because you
don't want to install Perl, then you are limiting yourself to
makeindex as xindy also requires Perl. 

=head1 OPTIONS

=over 4

=item B<--version> (or B<-v>)

Show the version number and exit.

=item B<--help> (or B<-h>)

Show the help and exit.

=item B<--debug>

Print debug messages to STDOUT.

=item B<--batch> (or B<-b>)

Run in batch mode. The I<filename> must be supplied with this option 
and should be the name of the .aux file. (The extension may be omitted.)

=item B<--gui>

Run in GUI mode (default).

=item B<--quiet>

Suppress messages that would otherwise be written to STDOUT.

=item B<--dry-run> (or B<-n>)

Switch dry run mode on.

=item B<--nodry-run>

Switch dry run mode off (default).

=back

=head1 REQUIRES

Java 7 and a TeX distribution.

=head1 LICENSE

License GPLv3+: GNU GPL version 3 or later
<http://gnu.org/licenses/gpl.html>
This is free software: you are free to change and redistribute it.
There is NO WARRANTY, to the extent permitted by law.

=head1 RECOMMENDED READING

The MakeGlossariesGUI manual (available as a PDF or through the GUI).

The glossaries manual:

        texdoc glossaries

=head1 AUTHOR

Nicola L. C. Talbot,
L<http://www.dickimaw-books.com/>

=cut

